feat(Forms): Extension (beta) for simplified implementation of web forms through tailored functionality for layout and data handling (#2420)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/Field/feature-components/BankAccountNumber/info.mdx

---
showTabs: true
---

## Description

> `Field.BankAccountNumber` is a wrapper component for the input of strings, with user experience tailored for organization number values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Field.BankAccountNumber` is a wrapper component for the input of strings, with user experience tailored for bank account values.
```
